# reflections-1 
============= 
## Roland Shen Reflections Sept 7, 2013

1) I had a hard time setting up my virtual machine until group leaders in class
helped me out. Following instructions for downloading ipython and IRC was also
confusing. I understand what I should have done now that I have everything set
up, but I feel that the instructions could have been clearer. There was a lot of
computer lingo that I couldn't process espectially after I had installed the VM
VirtualBox. I didn't know how to do anything in homework-1 after the
installation.

I am also trying to understand how to use github through the octocat tutorial
since github still feels foreign to me. I need to get used to knowing what
pulling a repository means or pushing something to someone else, as well as how
to navigate through the website efficiently.

2) I have not yet had an "aha!" moment but maybe that is because I haven't spent
enough time learning github. I have tried to use Git Shell for this assignment
but that hasn't gone well so far.

3) If I were to take a different approach to this past week, I would have spent
more time in becoming acquainted with github. I am not a very fast learner,
especially when it comes to programming, so spending more time definitely would
have helped. For other students, I suggest using IRC a lot. Whenever you have a
problem, someone else would probably also have the same problem and maybe
figured out a way to solve it by the time you ask. I didn't know what to do for
this week's reflection so I went onto IRC and asked. Someone told me
instructions to come to this page and post.

## Roland Shen Reflections Sept 17, 2013

I was unaware that there would be a second reflection this week. I feel that our
class discussion in Thursday's section covered the main points that the course
should improve on. As far as communication between staff and student goes, I was
unsure whether we should submit anything if we did not do anything programming
related in class for the week. I also did not know if we should attach the 
second reflection to the first or to create a new repository. Again, not having 
a set assignment schedule can be confusing but we went over this in class.

I still have not felt an "A-ha!" moment in this course but hopefully when the
class starts to pick up next Tuesday there will be more opportunities to learn
new material.

Again there was no new material this week and as such I wouldn't have done
anything different. I'm glad that the GSIs are hosting office hours from 9am-
noon on Friday so that everyone can be on the same page.
